# 2020-04-09  Meeting

## Attendees

* Megan Wilhite
* Tommy Chong
* Cassandra Faris
* Gareth Greenaway

## Meeting Details

- Discussed in more detail the salt-ssh sprint. We will have this setup post Sodium
  and after Megan returns from leave (around July/August)

- Discussed the python2 deprecation work that will need to be done for Sodium:
  -> Demod new ssh_pre_flight feature: https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pull/56488

## Actions
  - Megan researching ssh_ext_alternatives to see if there are any improvements to be made.
